Hurry and kick her out
Who gave you the guts
To disrespect the Eldest Miss Qín like that?
The Eldest Miss of the Qín family
Let me introduce you
This is the person
Who just took over as chairman of Qín Shì Group
The true heir of Qín Shì
The Eldest Miss of the Qín family
How could she be
The Eldest Miss of the Qín family?
Líng, don’t mess with me
I’m not messing around
My name is Yè Líng
Not Qín Líng
Approaching you
Was only to take back from you
The ten billion that belongs to Qín Shì
You all tricked me
Yes, we tricked you
Fù Jiā Hào
In this battle
The only loser is you
Hey, Fù Jiā Hào
How are you so stupid?
Wanting to be Qín Shì’s prized son-in-law
Without checking
Who the company’s legal representative is?
You’re really the Eldest Miss of the Qín family?
What do you think?